Oh midnight you've been lying in bed
scrolling your feet for the last half
hour tomorrow's a busy day so many
things to do
suddenly one post grabs your attention
mass reports of people not being able to
go offline
it reads mm-hmm some sensation hungry
tabloid making a story again no doubt
well you shrug and put down the phone
time to go to sleep if you wake up
holding something in your hand your
smartphone weird you clearly remember
putting it on the bed stand still groggy
you unlock it and opposed similar to the
one yesterday pops up at once
thousands of people unable to put down
their devices what's that some prank
going out of control you press the
screen lock button but nothing happens
you press it several more times still to
no effect and then you realize you can't
move your eyes away from the screen
starting to panic you get up from the
bed phone still in your hand eyes glued
to the device seeing the surroundings
only with your peripheral vision you
stumble and fall flat on your face
instinctively you put your arms before
you to soften the fall but your right
hand doesn't erm palm first to the floor
and on impact
you hit yourself in the face with your
phone you gingerly get up again and go
to the bathroom
meanwhile the feed gets frantic the
statuses go
anybody else have the strange attachment
to the screen not fun at all
I just black hot coffee all over myself
and stuff like that experimenting you
find out that if you stretch your arm as
far in front as you can you can see
around quite fine let's get ready for
work then having approached the car you
realize you can't drive while staring
into the screen you flinch when the
picture suddenly changes your boss is
video calling hey Greg I know the
situation so I'm not expecting you to
come in on time today when everyone's
here though we'll have a little
discussion of the matter so try not to
be too late
see you in the office
you hardly manage to say okay when he's
already hung up not having much choice
you go to the bus stop
you wait for about 15 minutes when it
dawns on you that public transport is
probably not going to work you sigh and
start walking it's gonna be a long day
at the office
everyone's the same one arm out stretch
eyes on the screen of whatever device
they're holding your boss is here to you
take your seat and your phone starts
ringing just like everyone else's absurd
as it is you're now in a conference call
because you can only look at each other
this way after the discussion you all go
to your homes there's nothing you can do
from home in the circumstances still
work as work so you do what you can
chatting with your friends and family at
the same time not all of them are fine
this way unfortunately your parents have
both essentially lost their jobs since
they can't work remotely you calm them
down and promise to help if it gets
worse
Singh goes with some of your friends one
of them is a driver another is a machine
operator at a construction site and yet
another is a doctor he tells you he
can't even examine his patients the
first day goes by you clumsily cook
dinner with one hand and while eating
you see a notification on your phone
low battery suddenly scared of what may
happen you plug in the charger and wait
until 30% getting ready to sleep you
plug the phone in again and close your
eyes
the morning of the second day starts
with the news all over your feed people
around the world report not being able
to lay down their phones some become
chained to their computers as soon as
they turn them on support groups pop up
and you join one of them not really
surprised to see many familiar faces
there you go about your business more or
less as usual but the overall situation
grows worse
many businesses post news of closing
down since they can't perform their
duties those that can still function
apologize for possible delays in service
others like you can still work using
their devices feeling like you have to
do something you join several more
support groups and connect with people
who need help in your free time you make
a few calls and talk to people
calming them down just like your parents
the day before two weeks have passed
your support team has grown helping
those in need with money
groceries ordered online and simple
conversations life around the world
hasn't returned to normal
but you see lots of people uniting in
the face of trouble your group is only a
tiny part of a huge community spreading
kindness and support you all try not to
leave your homes and continue working -
it takes a lot of effort but you know
there are people in a much worse
situation than you on the 27th day you
realize how much the world has changed
the streets are almost empty save for
people walking their dogs or going to
work they still can do drones fly around
bringing essential goods to people
they've been hardly deployed to replace
human deliver there are not nearly
enough but it's something
you've been spending your time working
remotely helping others and group
chatting with your friends in the spare
time you all agree that it's not half as
fun as meeting in person but at least
you still have each other
you've also found several awesome online
learning platforms and you're now
becoming proficient in French and
finally taking that math course you've
always wanted reading ebooks has become
your second nature to you never knew
there were so many great mobile games to
pass the time the main problem is
probably your neck and eyes that get too
strained from looking at your phone well
you've solved it too though finding some
good exercises for both just turning
your head left and right then tilting it
carefully to the sides removes neck
stiffness the trick is just not to
overdo it once left you standing with
your ear to the shoulder when something
clicked in your neck as for the eyes you
figured you could close them for however
long you wanted so you could do some
basic gymnastics every hour or so you
close your eyes then press the palm of
your free hand strongly but carefully to
one eye then the other after that you
roll your eyes left and right then up
and down finally you forcefully shut
your eyes for a few seconds and open
them again repeating it three times
relieving stress on day 32 you wake up
still glued to the screen phone in hand
while having breakfast you just made
with one hand you notice a post by one
of your friends it says hey have you
tried looking out the window I mean just
do it and give me a like if you can lol
perplex you see the number of likes
being 24 already and rapidly-growing you
gather your will and force your eyes
away from the screen suddenly you're
looking at your kitchen.you unclench
your fingers and your phone falls down
on the table you stand up your legs
feeling as if they're made of jelly
looking out the window for the first
time in a month
you see people outside laughing and
hugging each other with both arms you
look at your phone again
but then leave it on the table and rush
outside to drive to your Barons
[Music]